[Music]
Frankly, let's see, let's see two videos, two videos.
Let's try to get time for
both of us. While Andy is doing the
thumbnail, let's try to get
time for both of us. Okay, let's watch both
videos. I want to see, let's see how they adapt
to the medium. Yo, Juan, because come on, FX has
already gone to the son of a [ __ ] sanctuary. Well, I don't even
see them anymore. That one has fallen. He doesn't
even keep track. He goes, goes to the sanctuary like
me at Mercadona. Well, no, [ __ ], I
only go to Mercadona at 7 in the
afternoon to see if I can get laid. Well, guys, the
plan is for me, Juan, to have a
bad time. Let's see what
the crazy guy wants. Push him, push him. Haha,
two days ago we were in Japan with a
guy stuck up our ass in a B de
Última Generación club and now we're here. Push him. Push him.
Push him. What are you doing, you bastard? Oh, the
[ __ ] are they canceling Juan because of
this? Let's see, I'll tell you one thing, eh,
watch out, he's crazy.  of the kids eh
is my babysitter let's see I have to admit
that it didn't sit well with me eh It didn't
sit well with me Let's see it's obviously I
don't think people are going a
bit too far they're saying animal abuse I don't know
how much It's ok to push the
kangaroo but it's true like he
hasn't measured his strength much I mean he's a he's a Let's
see it's not a well he's a
teenager he's a kid he's not a he's not
an adult I mean no he's not going to do anything to you
the kangaroo can give you a scare he
asks you by surprise which I understand is what
happened to him no that it caught him by
surprise And all that But [ __ ] [ __ ] There's no
need to hit him you know he hasn't
measured his strength let's say he's a little kangaroo
I understand that if it were a that if it
were an adult an adult kangaroo then
you get scared because it grabs you And then you
use all your strength to push it
for such but right now it felt
bad to be honest no no to me let's see
obviously I understand that it was that he made a
mistake no I mean it was
like without meaning to that  he got scared
And he reacted like that you know not being
used to being with kangaroos and
we're like that and and Juan vs grandpa at
the party to defend the honor of crazy
defend your kangaroo xurra Well I don't
know I don't know but I think Joan is
strong eh I mean I don't know what he'll be like in
person but I think he's strong eh I
mean he looks really strong a little what has he
realized that BX is tall he's
a head taller than Frank and Fran is a head taller than
me all [ __ ] I push him
too much Hey he's an athlete eh he's an
athlete he's an athlete he's strong [ __ ]
why the [ __ ] is he an athlete eh I feel
danger defend Hey but but this this
How did he jump How did he jump r you put
after the time not just in case they have a
grudge these people are
spiteful Come closer man he'll kick you three
times now forgive me but
no Forget me Sure sure now he'll kick you
four times you don't know what
this is
okay very slowly I haven't seen this
dude I saw it today in a
Twitter clip but I haven't seen this in
the sanctuary And I don't even know where the [ __ ] it's
happening with me cl I haven't
seen this, I don't even know where the [ __ ]
the idea was made juanas
Look, the idea Juan is to cut Look, listen
how he breathes you get
gossip from where there isn't any no no yes
we are not getting gossip yes the
people were making fun of him Hey Juan that's why it does
n't seem right to me To make fun of him he's
lost his strength obviously he
pushed him too hard but I understand
that it was a reaction eh in the end it's
a wild animal that's attacking you and
no you don't think damn well it's a
puppy or I don't know what you reacted
because you think it's going to do something to you you
understand me I don't know the truth I don't know the truth
either it's not to make fun of it it's not
obviously damn have you heard God they
seem like the good ones well the waves
of the sea r of the balls but listen
how he listens How does he Hey my father is
asleep okay it seems like my father is asleep say
Juan is that we are going to come and we are going to
cut this piece that piece we are going to
cut it because he has been ha  state is very very
[ __ ] this is a dead piece okay if
you notice this is a dead piece you
see it And this is a live piece you see the
difference in color So we're going to
cut this part where the bees
are no longer okay And we can't eat that and
this no when we cut it what it's going to
do is that honey is going to fall Here we're going to
put a bucket and honey is going to fall okay And we're
going to eat that honey okay Of course
but when we cut it they're going to get mad
at us not quite quite right
okay How exciting how appetizing besides it's not
very
hot here this is from Malaga dude it's
hot [ __ ] it's very hot you've
never had you've never been one
Deer you've never been so close to
a canal de abas like this big Well of
course I've been watching it these
days and you see all this part there are bees
around here behind but this is dead you
see it can be cut not much Fran no
need that I no need we'll have to
go buy something to
protect touch Fran touch it don't touch it
no need eh To protect yourselves we
put on  plan they're going to attack us they're
going to clear we're not going to come in Cross a
kiss Yoli let's buy some
professional protection the good ones the
good ones of a lifetime that are used
pecks you die no no you're not going to die
But come on some can fall on you that are
going to fall pecks on us for sure also
These are the fighters eh these are called
the fighters here the Fighter Look how it is
look
in a moment they come out to attack you can
hear them Eh yes they are ready to attack they are ready to
attack Come on this here will be
bastard are you scared eh you put that you are
not [ __ ] kidding what do you think I
hung one and he died there with
music guys we are grabbing clothes
because we are going to kill me Juan
indeed we have to protect ourselves strongly
indeed he is already used to these
things I have already learned my lesson from everything
but we are going to mount one that you are going to
[ __ ] yourselves I mean I'm not saying what we are going to do
But we are grabbing clothes to protect ourselves it's going to be
some move It could be
robbing a bank or now you will see
or kill us with this charge It's that it's that you
are an  son of a [ __ ] dude enjoy
this guy likes dude look look look look look pay
attention guys this is coming this is
coming hottie well you're getting dressed
because what we're going to do is
collect honey today We're having dinner guys
today We're having dinner out
and the Thais are boys not Fran
because a two flat as you know a
FR in the sizes it shows a lot in the
sizes it shows How crazy dude I'm
taking this How crazy that we're
doing this
dude it's wonderful Oh look there's
Ricky and Rafas because what I don't want
what I don't want are pecks on the
face because last week he had some
pecks that didn't look for anything for me
dude the chest sweating is coming
eh the chest sweating is coming for you
this is coming good really down there it's
gone we're I don't know look the
otters are there I don't know where the [ __ ]
this bee thing is in the sanctuary I don't
have a [ __ ] idea Where is this
the truth is I can't
even think of where it could
be here with what Serene went to  stop
there where Frank eh You could already see that
the bees have him Mia F for serene a
kiss guys we already have a thumbnail for the
video of the Main Channel eh from here we are
going to do a raid for the
main channel when we see This video Now
we go to the premiere of the Main Channel
that we have to support the video very strongly
Damn That it's going to come out a little
late it's going to come out a little late today
the video let's see guys one
important thing the first thing when we enter don't
make noise don't do it Don't talk too much I don't know
where the [ __ ] this is it looks worse
because he trips over the tire eh
We speak very quietly what tire very very quietly okay very
quietly the most important thing
eh There's no need to panic right eh Fran
is already no Juan is keeping the house and
did a House tour but he will
surely sell it he's not going to keep that
big house I have it on my right right
hot what heat kid and you go take out
take out especially wax and such this he
takes it Ugh what a touch and he takes out a
little bit of takes out a little bit  of honey there are
parts okay this is dead you see all
this that is dead don't pick it up Don't pick it up Don't pick it
up eh
all this that is dead is over see let's see
let's see the other one today Flex and I
Juan attacked at the sanctuary it's that they have
uploaded like a click of that and Jo Juan and
plex are hospitalized because
some crazy animal attacked them What has he done What has he
done what happened to you what
happened to you Look my crazy one is still the
same I have to go because Play is
taking the youtubers to the sanctuary Yes we
all know that Fran doesn't like
visits to see eh No Fran It's not that he does
n't like visits well not
that he loves them but above all it's the
animals that he doesn't like
having people around to see BX is from the
house If he goes with a friend they can do it and that's it I mean it's
not a big deal eh it's one
day I mean I think that I think with
shokas I think he was there one day a day or a
day and a half I mean I think I don't know Aron was
there to sleep at least and in this case I think
that I Juan might be the same I mean they have been
there  and outside you have to go and spend
Christmas there at Christmas I'm going to take
a vacation with friends or with
friends with family but but
the problem I have with the issue of going
to the sanctuary is that I leave Lorena here
then alone you know with everything with everything
with the house the children and right now
Lorena is studying in the mornings she
has the same of this as the children at
school So I can't right now get
away let's get away go the get away
no that the house for both of us and the
children are both of us obviously it's both our
jobs it's
both our responsibility and when she's on vacation
Well I don't know if I'm going to be able to miss a few
days to go to the sanctuary you know instead
of I don't know the truth It depends it depends at the
moment we have some vacation
organized as a family so I don't know
when maybe for next year like
Easter or something like that maybe I do
n't know but man I want to
go I want to go to the
sanctuary soon yes I want to go soon no no you're not
going to see me there in the very
distant future it won't be very far what
happened where have you  what the [ __ ] have you
done man Where did you go I want I
want to go before crazy grows up
the whole storm is caught eh guys today what
we did was clean up the
otters' mess come come what a
mess ah the pool Come on Juan
We have Juan here that you know that's why
Juan okay he came to Thailand
let's [ __ ] him up and screw him eh
No Not really but it's your intention
no now I can't let myself know let's
kill you I'm going to tell you that his face
changes as you tell him things I
see him more and more Ah reci I don't even
introduce him because a it's that I don't even introduce him
but come on it's like he was already the
otter the plex right okay look look look look look look we
put
little fish in them Why will you say how bad you are
why do you put fish in damn Well because
because they are otters
[ __ ] and that despite And that despite what he
put in despite Why did he put in
Despite that it costs you eh n what they do they
confuse them so they don't go in
group then they take them out until
one is left loose one is left loose they
corner them I didn't know it's
brutal no I didn't know I didn't know stimulate their
different animal How funny eh
the animals dude
uuuuu have you seen the movie
about soccer no no in the end they catch it
it's like pimp mendo like this left
right left [ __ ] look look
you have it Yeah yes he has it he has it he has it he has it he has
caught it no ok yes yes yes yes he has already
swallowed it [ __ ] well he has it he has it he has it he's done he has it Look look look
what he's
doing He's playing with it he likes to play
but they don't kill it yes he eats it he's already left it
touched Yeah there it is the fish he
already has it stunned he has it stunned and he's
playing with Look look look how he has it
between his paws and now it will come out now it will come out
with it and eat it out you see it comes out with it and eat it out or right there
look at the otters play with their food What they
say kids don't play
with food well otters do play
with
food [ __ ] yes they play with food
but they always always do it no  they eat
normally he's a little psychopathic it's like
yes yes yes the seals are very mean like
the like the gallows no the gallows don't
do something like that also that the
seals have fun killing like he enjoys
seeing how he's already weak like he knows
that he's not going to escape anymore Yeah look and
the fish is pitiful now as he swims very slowly he
crushes it until finally he
says well, how do you
see this one, he doesn't get it eh He's not
younger but you see when he catches that one when
Dalsy catches it he eats it immediately that's the
difference with Plexi Plexi is playing
and you see that they respect each other,
the other one doesn't come for him, the other one doesn't come for this one
because this one is hers so there's
a respect that later maybe she'll even
[ __ ] him when Plexi doesn't
want him anymore a fish gets tired of swimming eh Yes
man of course Yes in
plane like he gets tired like a human of
cardio or no yes he gets tired he gets tired of
cardio you are what plan I imagine a fish
trains in the
altaf But what you say is true eh  that no no they
interfere each one each one is their
own
look look I've got it now Look you see that's what I
told you when I pick it up they're playing
but they're going to get a bite they're already
playing look but look they're already I put it in my
mouth Look it's there now you're eating No not yet they're still
playing and in a
while we'll see them tonight they've
eaten them all let's see if let's see if I
can recognize her Javi it's stepped on
little field too much field too urban
why did I give it no no but yes yes totally But
why do you say it
and with this they have enough for the whole day with
this they have enough for a while for a while
just this they eat snails worms
crickets fish
rats it came today when it gets Tech
side fish yoc Look look look they're already
eating
look at that dals if I'm not mistaken est
dalsi is the one with the
different head she played a little and now she
has it yes it is dal well plexi Ah well
no [ __ ] well I don't have to go eh I don't
recognize her or my otter anymore she
ate the whole thing [ __ ] plexi it's  my
WhatsApp profile picture actually by another the
head Ah they only eat the head it's
that plexis is like the
head is rounder Lu eats it
imagine the role of the fish
now walking over there and seeing the
corpse of his friend floating it's not that I
was looking on WhatsApp that I
was laughing my ass off because they
sent me this screenshot They sent me this
screenshot it's like clear daughter you can't
stand it How difficult it makes me to keep quiet
these two idiots no no shutting up
we don't make it difficult for you Pepa it's that
you had 100 viewers today not even
48 hours are you going to are you going to hold out in
doing a live stream about Javi Because you're
my stalker my stalker no no this
morning they uploaded a screenshot that the
live stream is having 100
viewers what it says here that
we have talked about Amparo I don't know
what how and no How difficult How difficult it makes
me to keep quiet No no it's that you're not
going to shut up pppa it's that you're not going to
shut up it's that you are my stalker for the
moment what  you're commenting on a
tweet But if it wasn't even with her the subject
Of course it doesn't go with her but the fact is that
she had 100 viewers at the
time she said that she wasn't going to talk
about me and she's not going to stop she's
never going to stop until the law stops her she's not going
to stop her head Look Pedrito what
a nightmare eh [ __ ] it's only eaten his
head yes he says that it's the tastiest
Look at this Look at
this now the
others must be saying ces Look that's why that's why like a
Battle royale playing
daring among the corpses playing Well that's
how it is the first interaction of meerkats
with a goat Why And that goat is new
that goat is new Lili I just
spoke to you on WhatsApp that tells you 24
hours 24 hours eh Lili for now she has
spoken because she has posted a tweet not
speaking is not speaking say whatever she says whatever she
says no no no she is a
stalker she is not going to stop she is a stalker
only the law is going to stop her only
the law is going to stop her it has to do with you I'm
going to  follow me my my wars my comings and
goings what you have to do don't
see me Peppa don't know about me don't know what I
do what I'm doing not knowing now
is what you have to do Forget me
once and for all that you went on a
live stream the other day to say that I was
your idol that I was her idol she went to
say Oh well it never fails eh this morning
Lily posted a tweet about the audience she's having
Look 200 200 she's had
today in 4 hours announcing that she's not going to
talk about Javi the first 24 hours 200
has been her peak and she's already crazy because he's coming
back because she doesn't know anything else she's
not going to talk to you about herself she's not going to talk to you
about other gossip and other
gossip and no no no no no no no no that
live stream was in the afternoon and in the
morning This look I don't know if you see it with the
chat but 103 users having been
live for 63 minutes and he's not going to stop
harassing because he doesn't know how to work he doesn't know how to
do anything else he's not going to [ __ ] and  is going to
talk about any other gossip about
any no no no Javi why do
you have to be informing yourself about what
Javi does why do you have to be
watching a Javi live stream I know you don't have to
know what Javi has done You
don't have to comment on anything about Javi Because he doesn't have to exist you don't have to see him you don't have to such but no no no no I don't think she's a stalker who has an obsession that she's a stalker Okay guys miris has put Juan in the
pool this is that the video is going to be released on
the main channel Let's
see this let's see what happened and
Juan and I know that you're waiting for the
attacks that they have received and Juan and plex You're
going to see it on the Plex Channel and and
Juan okay but I'm telling you see the
profile picture that I put the thumbnail
no Juan has a screwed up hand plex Juan
have been attacked by other animals and
right now they are in the hospital
getting some injections because they are
screwed I swear it's true okay I
swear it's true they are in the hospital
because they are  you'll see it, you're screwed
[Music]